---
layout: post
title: "Been busy this year rebuilding a BMW K100, so what have I done so far?
Complete strip of bike down to..."
date: 2016-08-22 
---
Been busy this year rebuilding a BMW K100, so what have I done so far?<br />Complete strip of bike down to the frame and rebuild and where possible replace bearings, seals and fasteners with new.<br /><br />Powder coat frame, £100.<br />Clean engine<br />Replace drive shaft seal<br />Replace aux shaft seal<br />Replace timing seal<br />Replace clutch assembly bolts<br />Replace clutch o-ring<br />Overhaul water/oil pump replacing both oil seal and mechanical seal.<br />Paint cyclinder head and crank case.<br />Polish cyclinder head and crank case bolts.<br /><br />Clean and paint gearbox, swingarm and bevel box.<br />Replace clutch arm boot.<br />Replace drive shaft gaiter.<br />Replace swingarm bearings.<br />New stainless steel bolts to assemble the above and mount engine.<br />Todo: Source replacement centre stand.<br />Todo: powder coat centre stand.<br /><br />Strip and clean wheels<br />Overhaul front and rear brakes with OEM rebuild kit which included seals and dust seals.<br />Repaint calipers.<br />Todo: replace all brake hoses with stainless good ridge type<br />Todo: Replace bleed nippels and brake pins with stainless steel.<br />Replace rider footrest rubbers.<br />Replace rider footrest pins with stainless steel ones.<br />Todo: Replace pillion footrest pins with stainless steel ones.<br />Todo: Replace pillion footrest rubbers.<br /><br /><br />New stainless steel mounting bolts.<br />Source and fit clutch actuated side stand retractor.<br />Todo, Replace clutch cable<br /><br />New steering head bearings.<br />Replace handlebar mounting rubbers<br />New fork seals and oil.<br />Todo: powder coat front fork lowers.<br />Todo: Powder coat wheels.<br />Todo: Replace fork gaiters.<br />Todo: Replace Mirrors<br />Todo: Replace handlebar grips<br />Replace side panel mounting rubber grommets<br />Replace protective rubber pad at rear of tank<br />Overhaul rear brake master cynlinder using OEM rebuild kit.<br /><br />Re-tape wire loom replacing the old cloth tape with new. Also correct any electrical tape repairs with solder and heatshrink and then cloth tape.<br />Source and replace locks so that ignition, tank and seat locks are the same, now also have 3 keys.<br /><br />Full body respray<br />Todo: Source and fit new OEM style wind shield<br /><br />Where possible replacement stainless steel bolts, washers and capscrews have been used.﻿